app/backend/README.md, before:

# TEET backend app

Backend app hosts the index page and SPA application JS.

# Environment variables

- *API_URL* The URL the SPA uses for the API, defaults to "/api"

# Running locally

- Start a repl
- Call `teet.main/restart`


# Testing

[Kaocha](https://github.com/lambdaisland/kaocha) is used for running unit tests.

Running tests from command line:
```
clojure -A:test

# Watch for changes
clojure -A:test --watch

# Exit at first failure
clojure -A:test --fail-fast

# Only run the `unit` suite
clojure -A:test unit

# Only run a single test
clojure -A:test --focus my.app.foo-test/bar-test

# Use an alternative config file
clojure -A:test --config-file tests_ci.edn

# See all available options
clojure -A:test --test-help
```

## Tests with db
- Tag test namespace with `^:db`
- Apply necessary fixtures from `teet.test.utils`
- Run with `clojure -A:db-test`
- Run alongside unit tests with `clojure -A:test-all`

# Datomic

TEET uses Datiomic Ion as a database.

## Connecting to Datomic locally

- Set `AWS_PROFILE` to your TEET profile
- Download [datomic-socks-proxy script](https://docs.datomic.com/cloud/files/datomic-socks-proxy)
  and add it to your path or invoke it by absolute path.
- Run `datomic-socks-proxy teet-dev-datomic`
- Ensure you have
  [mnt-teet-private](https://github.com/solita/mnt-teet-private)
  repository checked out as a sibling directory to the TEET project.
- Load and switch to `teet.environment`.
- Eval `(load-local-config!)`.
- Eval only when setting up `(user/create-db "yourname-dev")`.
- Eval `(datomic-connection) => {:db-name "yourname-dev", :database-id "foo", ...}`
- import THK data: Find the latest thk->teet .csv file from the dev S3 bucket and call (user/import-thk-from-localfile <path>)
- When creating your dev datomic db for the first time, run (make-mock-users!) and give permissions to some users with eg (give-manager-permission [:user/id #uuid "4c8ec140-4bd8-403b-866f-d2d5db9bdf74"]) (this makes Danny D. Manager admin)

## Troubleshooting

- If you a build error about fetching datomic.ion dep like "Error building classpath. Could not find artifact com.datomic:ion:jar:0.9.35 in central (https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/)" it means, contrary to the message, that it's failing to get it from the Datomic s3 bucket source, check your AWS creds (eg awscli and Java AWS sdk have incompatibilities in parsing ~/.aws configs)
- If you get this at the REPL: "Execution error (ExceptionInfo) at datomic.client.api.async/ares (async.clj:58).
Forbidden to read keyfile at s3://[...]/dbs/catalog/read/.keys. Make sure that your endpoint is correct, and that your ambient AWS credentials allow you to GetObject on the keyfile." and aws s3 ls still works, it can be the same incomatibility as the first case, or you might have the wrong aws profile active.

Commit message:

document region env var needed to make s3 work

app/backend/README.md, after:

# TEET backend app

Backend app hosts the index page and SPA application JS.

# Environment variables

- *API_URL* The URL the SPA uses for the API, defaults to "/api"
- *AWS_DEFAULT_REGION* must be set to same as the configued s3 bucket's region (for local dev setup, eu-central-1 as of this writing)

# Running locally

- Start a repl
- Call `teet.main/restart`


# Testing

[Kaocha](https://github.com/lambdaisland/kaocha) is used for running unit tests.

Running tests from command line:
```
clojure -A:test

# Watch for changes
clojure -A:test --watch

# Exit at first failure
clojure -A:test --fail-fast

# Only run the `unit` suite
clojure -A:test unit

# Only run a single test
clojure -A:test --focus my.app.foo-test/bar-test

# Use an alternative config file
clojure -A:test --config-file tests_ci.edn

# See all available options
clojure -A:test --test-help
```

## Tests with db
- Tag test namespace with `^:db`
- Apply necessary fixtures from `teet.test.utils`
- Run with `clojure -A:db-test`
- Run alongside unit tests with `clojure -A:test-all`

# Datomic

TEET uses Datiomic Ion as a database.

## Connecting to Datomic locally

- Set `AWS_PROFILE` to your TEET profile
- Download [datomic-socks-proxy script](https://docs.datomic.com/cloud/files/datomic-socks-proxy)
  and add it to your path or invoke it by absolute path.
- Run `datomic-socks-proxy teet-dev-datomic`
- Ensure you have
  [mnt-teet-private](https://github.com/solita/mnt-teet-private)
  repository checked out as a sibling directory to the TEET project.
- Load and switch to `teet.environment`.
- Eval `(load-local-config!)`.
- Eval only when setting up `(user/create-db "yourname-dev")`.
- Eval `(datomic-connection) => {:db-name "yourname-dev", :database-id "foo", ...}`
- import THK data: Find the latest thk->teet .csv file from the dev S3 bucket and call (user/import-thk-from-localfile <path>)
- When creating your dev datomic db for the first time, run (make-mock-users!) and give permissions to some users with eg (give-manager-permission [:user/id #uuid "4c8ec140-4bd8-403b-866f-d2d5db9bdf74"]) (this makes Danny D. Manager admin)

## Troubleshooting

- If you a build error about fetching datomic.ion dep like "Error building classpath. Could not find artifact com.datomic:ion:jar:0.9.35 in central (https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/)" it means, contrary to the message, that it's failing to get it from the Datomic s3 bucket source, check your AWS creds (eg awscli and Java AWS sdk have incompatibilities in parsing ~/.aws configs)
- If you get this at the REPL: "Execution error (ExceptionInfo) at datomic.client.api.async/ares (async.clj:58).
Forbidden to read keyfile at s3://[...]/dbs/catalog/read/.keys. Make sure that your endpoint is correct, and that your ambient AWS credentials allow you to GetObject on the keyfile." and aws s3 ls still works, it can be the same incomatibility as the first case, or you might have the wrong aws profile active.
